Update using_docker.md HTTP section (#1167)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/maintain/hornet/2.0.0-rc.6/docs/how_tos/using_docker.md

```
HTTP_PORT=9000
```

> If you don't have a dns name for your node, you can use the (external) ip address for NODE_HOST, for example 192.168.1.123 or your public ip address.
> With this setting you can reach the dashboard of the node from within your network or from internet.
> COMPOSE_FILE and ACME_EMAIL are not needed for HTTP. You can remove them from your `.env` file or place a `#` before it to make it a remark:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a DNS name for your node, you can use the (external) IP address for `NODE_HOST`, for example, `192.168.1.123`, or your public IP address.
With this setting, you can reach the node dashboard from within your network or the internet.
You don’t need `COMPOSE_FILE` and `ACME_EMAIL` for HTTP. You can remove them from your `.env` file or place a `#` before it to make it a remark:
```
